JavaScript (v3): Add PAM cross-service example. (#4854)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: resources/clients/react/elros-pam/README.md

This is the front-end of the Photo Asset Manager (PAM) cross-service example. You can
run this in isolation, but it is meant to be deployed using the companion [AWS CDK script](../../../cdk/photo_asset_manager/README.md).

## PAM Usage

> When you build PAM, the CDK will output the URL for the frontend. You can use this URL to access the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you build PAM, the CDK outputs the URL for the frontend. You can use this URL to access the frontend.
```

> You will also receive two emails when you build the app. One email will contain a temporary password, and the other will contain a link to confirm a subscription to an SNS topic. You must confirm the subscription to receive the link to the zipped files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also receive two emails when you build the app. One email contains a temporary password, and the other contains a link to confirm a subscription to an SNS topic. You must confirm the subscription to receive the link to the zipped files.
```
